The Joe Rogan experience. But what about the mountain? The guy from the game.
Of the mountain from Iceland is legit, right? He's a Savage. Hey. Yeah,
he won last year. He's no joke, man. He, he he's strong.
How do you say his name? Uh, half though. Julius Bronson.
Just call him Thor. Say it again. Half sword, Julius Bronson, half Thor,
Julius Bronson. Bjornsen beyond son. Yeah.
He's a, he's a Savage. He's he's strong and he he's definitely legit. No joke.
You know, he's, he's good. He got third place this year. He's uh.
You know, this, he fighting off Bell's palsy or.
Something like he had, he had Bell's palsy a couple of years ago. And um,
he's, I think he's almost all the way better, like is, is, uh,
not to be rude, but his face always had like a little bit of a,
like my I've got these huge fat chubby cheeks, so I'm allowed to talk, I guess.
But he had, he had kind of like that look on his face a little bit already,
but I'm pretty sure he's he's probably like, oh,
I'd say at least 99% done. And the other thing is that,
a lot of times it's stress. Uh, it can be an infection.
I I'm I'm I'm I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor at the moment.
I'm working on getting my license.
What the is this guy here for it's guy.